Application initialisation

- Start SQL workbench (Ex. MySQL workbench)
- Create schema: “proiect_siit”
- Start XAMP: - details in application properties
- Run application:

public class Application {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        SpringApplication.run(Application.class, args);
    }
}

After application initial run
- The app generates a blank DB
- There is no superuser or initial hardcoded user
http://localhost:8089/- to access
User is directed towards the welcome screen. 
The Login button is accesible, but due to the fact that there are no credentials in the DB it will always return the login form. 
The Registration button is accesible.
When registration is selected (no user in the DB), the app redirects towards the Admin initsialisation page and the user is prompted to enter a ADMIN Credentials – username and password. 
The admin page allows the creation of HR initial accounts. The admin can only edit the login credentials. The role and auhtorities are set automatically. All users generated by the admin have hardcoded user details. The user details have to be completed and are stacked in the fill in user details tab in the HR account. 
Application flow
Once an admin and HR user are configured the Registration form redirects towards the user registration page. By following this line only non- Hr non- Admin users can be registred. 
Simple users can: 
    • View their holiday history
    • View their credits
    • View personal details
    • Request holiday


HR users can:
    • Add a bankholiday
    • Request a holiday
    • View credits
    • View personal details
    • Modify personal details
    • Fill in new users details
        ◦ this branch allow the selection of a user that has only parital details after the one registers
        ◦ this branch allows setting all types of authorities and roles (User, ADMIN, HR)- the HR can hire a person for the admin job. 
    • Modify users details
        ◦ this branch allow the selection of a user that has complete registration details
        ◦ this branch allows setting all types of authorities and roles (User, ADMIN, HR)- the HR can hire a person for the admin job. 
    • View personal holidays
        ◦ presents the current user holiday history 
    • View all employee holidays
        ◦ presents the holiday history for all users and allows download .csv format
    • Manage pending holidays
        ◦ Allows the HR to approve or reject a holiday request
ADMIN users can:
    • Can create a HR account with bulk user details. 
